.TH UNITFY 1 "May 2026" "unitfy 1.0.3" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
unitfy \- command-line unit conversion utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B unitfy
.RI [ --version ]
.br
.B unitfy
.I value unit
.RI [ target_unit ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B unitfy
converts values between supported temperature, length, volume, pressure, and time units.
It can run in one-shot mode from command-line arguments or in interactive REPL mode when no arguments are provided.
In one-shot mode, the input format is:
.I value from_unit [to_unit]
If
.I to_unit
is provided, only one targeted conversion is printed.
If omitted, all supported conversions for that unit family are printed.
Providing more than one target unit is not supported.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --version
Print the program version and exit.
.SH REPL COMMANDS
.TP
.B help
Show usage and supported units.
.TP
.B exit
Exit REPL mode.
.TP
.B quit
Exit REPL mode.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B unitfy 100 celsius
Convert 100 Celsius to other supported temperature units.
.TP
.B unitfy 1 atm
Convert 1 atmosphere to other supported pressure units.
.TP
.B unitfy 12 km mi
Convert 12 kilometers to miles only.
.TP
.B unitfy 2026-05-09 date jd
Convert a calendar date to Julian Day.
.TP
.B unitfy 60439 mjd date
Convert Modified Julian Day to a calendar date.
.TP
.B unitfy "12 fl oz"
Convert 12 fluid ounces to other supported volume units.
.TP
.B unitfy
Start interactive REPL mode.
.SH SUPPORTED UNIT FAMILIES
.TP
.B Temperature
C, F, K, R (and full names)
.TP
.B Length
mm, cm, m, km, in, ft, usft, ukft, mi
.TP
.B Volume
mL, L, gal, fl oz, m3, mm3, cm3
.TP
.B Pressure
Pa, kPa, bar, atm, psi, torr, mmHg
.TP
.B Time
date, JD, MJD, unix, unixms
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.unitfy_history
Readline history file used by REPL mode when built with readline support.
.TP
.I TAB completion
When built with readline support, REPL tab completion is built in for commands and unit aliases.
.SH AUTHOR
jonleithe
.SH LICENSE
MIT
